(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
Do you remember the famous catchphrase...
from the movie, "Architecture 101"?
"We were all somebody's first love."
"You, and you too."
"During that time,"
"we were all a boy or a girl in love,"
"and we could have been someone's first love."
Dear listeners of Mi Nu's Happy 6pm,
today...
Wrap it up.
Are you ready to go back...
to when you were someone's first love?
No one's picking up?
No. I'll try again.
Hello?
Where is Mi Nu?
How can you do this every live show?
What do we do?
They want to bomb our radio studio.
Dear listeners of Mi Nu's Happy 6pm,
This is...
not Mi Nu.
I'm a sub-writer, Song Geu Rim.
You must be getting used to my voice now.
(Happy 6pm's DJ Mi Nu)
Mi Nu must be stuck in bad traffic.
I did the opening in his place.
(Mi Nu)
Everyone, I'm getting a call from Mi Nu.
He was stuck in traffic last time too.
Do you remember how we did the show...
through the phone?
I'll connect him to see where he's at.
Darn Mi Nu...
I mean...
Darn good-looking Mi Nu!
Where are you right now?
I won't do radio!
Stop calling me.
I said, I won't do such a thing anymore.
(Silence)
(Broadcasting accident)
Surprise!
Darn good-looking Mi Nu is such a prankster.
He must be preparing a surprise for us.
It's the first song on Mi Nu's Happy 6pm.
This song reminds us of our first loves.
It's Kim Dong Ryul's "Saying I Love You Again".
Darn you, Mi Nu!
You idiots!
(Episode 1)
What is it that you do?
Forget it. Your team is the worst.
You don't get listeners. Just move out.
But Mr. Kang...
What? What?
Your idol DJ...
always misses his show or does it drunk.
You're a producer. Can't you control him?
You always let it become a complete mess.
Do you think you're a DJ?
Why are you always...
going in front of the microphone?
What? "Darn Mi Nu"?
Can you say anything if a DJ skips the show?
So, can you get in touch...
with Darn Mi Nu or not?
I'm sorry.
We haven't...
Don't be sorry.
Please, don't be sorry to me.
Just move out.
If you have conscience, think about it.
You ruin the live show every four days.
How can I trust you with anything?
We can't live from hand to mouth.
What will you do about tomorrow's show?
Well? Well?
I'll bring him no matter what.
I know where Mi Nu is better than his manager.
What if you're the one going on air tomorrow?
That's unacceptable.
We should disperse. You should fire me.
If you tell us to move out, we will.
I'll bring him no matter what.
(A Strategist's Scenario)
Hey, how can a manager not know?
Our show will cancel because of Mi Nu!
Listen, I can't control him either.
I don't know if he's drinking...
or hanging out with girls.
We aren't renewing his contract anyway.
I don't care anymore.
Hello? Hello?
Are you serious? I'll kill them all.
So, did you find him?
Ms. La looks like she's in a bad mood.
Her nails are all black.
Did I ever make you write while helping me?
I never ask you to write because you're bad at it!
That's why I asked you to be in charge...
of the DJ and to recruit guests!
It was your job to take care of it!
Why did I even bother?
Not everyone can be a writer, okay?
Gosh.
You darn celebrity. Just pick up.
Cool.
Hey. What are you doing?
This keeps popping up on the main page.
(Ji Soo Ho, "Rainy Day" Press Conference)
Such a fake smile.
The number you're calling is not available...
Are you serious?
Darn Mi Nu, I'm going to get you.
("Rainy Day")
Our dear arrogant star...
decided to skip the live show...
to drench himself with alcohol here?
I will break him into pieces today.
This way.
Ji Soo Ho, over here.
Over here.
This side too.
Please pose together.
Ji Soo Ho, you're known to be picky...
with choosing your work. Why did you choose this?
I've been focusing on films lately,
so I really wanted to get closer to my fans.
This drama is shot in entirety before airing,
so I was able to read all of the scripts.
I had confidence in the project.
We already shot about 80 percent.
Please give us your love and attention.
Are you sure it's not because...
JH is producing the series?
Your mother, Nam Joo Ha,
is the CEO of JH Entertainment.
Well,
I'm sure your mother had an influence.
(Jung Da Seul, Ji Soo Ho)
It's true that influenced my decision.
All profits made by the drama...
will be donated to a leukemia fund.
The CEO made a promise with me.
-Song Geu Rim! -Song Geu Rim!
Drink up.
I'll mix it well for you today,
so have crazy fun.
But don't be so fussy anymore.
You'll come back to work tomorrow, right?
You're so awesome.
Song Geu Rim!
-Song Geu Rim! -Song Geu Rim!
Here.
Hey.
This is really the last time.
If you disappear on me again,
I will hunt you down and kill you.
Understand?
Yes. Okay.
(Ms. La)
Yes, Ms. La.
Yes. I gave Mi Nu a talk.
He got teary and apologized.
It's Ji Soo Ho. Hello.
Yes. Yes.
Do you know her?
No, I thought she was getting on.
- Congratulations. - Thank you.
Congratulations, honey.
Thank you.
Happy birthday, my darling.
I know you love roses.
They're beautiful.
Pink hydrangea is her favorite.
This scarf...
would look good with your dress. Well?
Something small and shiny is the best.
That's why I got something too.
It's so beautiful.
She loves shoes the most.
It came across the ocean.
Even shoes?
- What do I do? - Gosh.
Yes. I'm coming down with Mi Nu.
Are you in the parking level?
Okay.
Don't worry. He's still on his feet.
Yes. See you in the parking lot.
Darn Mi Nu.
Wake up, will you?
- Hey! - Hey!
What is this?
All I need is you.
I mean it.
From now on,
I'll be good on the radio show.
I'll do the show forever with you.
Loyalty!
Loyalty...
Stop saying scary things like that.
Let's go quietly.
What? No way.
It's Ji Soo Ho.
Is that really him? He's so arrogant.
I don't think he remembers me.
Should I just try to recruit him as a guest?
Darn Mi...
Mi Nu.
You should wake up.
At least cover your face.
I'm going to go all the way with you!
I'll do everything...
you tell me to do.
All I have is you.
Hey, watch it.
Thank you.
Kang Mi Nu looks very drunk.
Yes.
Yes, you're right.
It's so difficult...
to work with a DJ who likes to drink.
I'm a sub-writer for Mi Nu's Happy 6pm.
I work for a radio show.
I can't believe I ran into you.
Ji Soo Ho,
won't you be a guest on our show?
I'd be honored if you ask me.
I think I'd be honored if you tell me...
when you might be free.
What is the name of the show?
Mi Nu's Happy 6pm.
That sounds like fun.
Do I get to take writers to hotels too?
I never came here with a writer before.
What?
What did he just say?
What did that jerk say?
Ji Soo Ho, you're a jerk!
He's such a fake.
Why won't you believe me?
He went like this.
"I never came here with a writer before."
He was like this!
(Nickname: Rain Cloud, the unlucky one)
- That's so annoying. - Isn't it?
Why not a writer? Is he discriminating us?
(Nickname: Tornado, the fury one)
That's not the right thing to say right now.
But he's not like that.
(Nickname: Drought, the unpopular one)
My friend did the lighting...
for the drama, "Beautiful Night".
I told you, right?
He complimented Ji Soo Ho a lot.
His face shines even without lighting,
but his personality glows even more.
You probably heard him wrong.
Hey, what about Monsoon?
I don't think she can come today.
I heard her main writer talk on the phone.
I think she had a huge fight with her husband.
Gosh.
We're not sub-writers so they can swear at us.
Why are they taking it out on us?
It's nothing new. Cheers.
Did I hear him wrong?
I'm sure he went like this.
Wait. Maybe you did hear him say that.
Then the rumor must be true.
What is?
My friend's ex-boyfriend's dad's cousin's
sister's husband's friend is a reporter.
That's how I heard.
Ji Soo Ho's family is a complete show.
A show?
If Britain has the Beckham family,
Korea has Soo Ho's family.
Don't chase after brands. Turn yourself into one.
Thank you.
Nam Joo Ha is every woman's role model.
Even when I look at my wife now,
- my heart races. - Whenever he talks,
he makes all the men cringe.
The devoted husband, Ji Yoon Seok.
On top of that, their son is a top actor.
He won all the awards there is.
Ji Soo Ho's family.
However, they say everything is a show.
Are you almost done?
I'm finished. I'll come out now.
Ji Yoon Seok...
plays around with all the young actresses.
He checked in at the hotel about an hour ago.
Nam Joo Ha is obsessed with brand name products.
Bring up a nice bottle of champagne for them.
Okay.
That's impossible.
Don't you know it's messier in reality?
Don't believe it if you don't want to.
Do you remember?
Four years ago at JH's donation party,
Ji Soo Ho, that jerk, tripped me.
Yes.
I'm sorry. My legs are too long.
Didn't you just trip me on purpose?
Of course not.
You should watch where you're going.
What was that?
Why is that jerk like that to me?
Geu Rim, I don't know,
but I don't think Ji Soo Ho...
knew you were the same girl from four years ago.
- It was a coincidence? - Yes.
This is insane.
Did I do something to Ji Soo Ho?
- Poor soul. - Maybe you did.
Were you waiting here for me?
Even if you say not to,
it's a manager's job to wait and take you home,
and I'm your manager.
I'll go by myself.
I'll take you.
I smiled and said, "I'll go by myself,"
right? Didn't I?
I'll go to tomorrow's meeting alone too.
Let's meet at the office, not in front of my home.
Okay. See you tomorrow.
What scene is this?
It's Scene 57 from last year's "Shadow".
Someone, please yell, "Cut."
Please yell, "Cut."
Cut.
(Kang Mi Nu Flakes, Talks of Scrapping Show)
This is awesome for migraines. Here.
Take this.
I picked out some lines that may be useful...
for today's show from online articles.
Here's a list of songs that go with the weather.
Here you go.
Where's Mi Nu?
If he doesn't show up for the apology show today,
I'll have to quit...
and fry chicken.
I made sure Mi Nu will stand by...
two hours ahead of time.
That darn...
(Mi Nu's Happy 6pm)
Excuse me.
Why do we need these comments for this?
Who would care...
what the guest is wearing,
or whether they got a haircut or a perm?
Since there are no cameras,
we should help them see what they can't see...
Look at the opening comment.
"It's time for the blue sky to turn red."
Just say the time.
Are you an art teacher?
A radio writer should help listeners draw...
a picture, so...
But you're not a radio writer yet.
Just keep Mi Nu in check, will you?
You're driving me crazy.
I'm hungry. Get me a sandwich.
Let's start on a happy, lively note,
okay, Geu Rim?
Yes, ma'am.
How do you...
always get chewed out whenever you write?
Song Geu Rim. Please.
Darn it.
Namaste.
You're still running food errands.
Right? It is, right?
It's him, right?
That louse. That good-for-nothing louse.
The production director Lee Gang?
(Station Manager: Kang Hee Suk)
Nice lines. Nice song selection.
This is how it should be.
(Station Manager: Kang Hee Suk)
Namaste.
Crazy Gang?
Gosh.
I sent you on vacation to get your act together,
and you came back completely insane.
You know,
the higher ups absolutely refuse...
to permit it because of what happened.
The ones below absolutely refuse to work...
on any program that you do and were flipping out,
but I worked hard to convince them.
Namaste.
Namaste...
Do you think I'm joking?
Your program needs to start,
but how will you staff it?
I will staff it.
You know, all the stars do variety shows now.
No one...
comes anywhere near radio stations.
That's how endangered radio stations are.
This is a serious problem.
So, please get your act together,
and bring up the ratings.
- Mr. Kang. - Yes?
Well... Numbers...
stress people out...
and incite competitiveness.
- Namaste. - Right.
Hey. I like stress and competitiveness...
a lot.
High ratings,
advertisement slots sold out.
What's left without those?
Your name.
Meaning. Emotions.
Why you...
You'd better...
triple the ratings.
Will triple be sufficient?
I should raise it by five times.
That way, the name,
meaning, and emotions will live on.
Goodness. You and your smooth talking.
You big talker.
- Give me some coffee. - Wait, punk.
Yes, hello?
What? What?
Big news.
That legendary Lee Gang is here...
What's wrong?
What's your deal?
You said you made sure Mi Nu would come!
Yes.
He agreed to stand by today, no matter what.
I confirmed earlier...
(Mi Nu Leaving Korea)
(Darn Mi Nu)
Look. Darn Mi Nu is calling.
The reporter got it wrong.
Hello?
Hey, I had an epiphany.
I can't trap my soul...
in that tiny camera.
I will now shed the name "Mi Nu",
break through from the egg of being an idol and a DJ,
and I will fly high!
Hey! Mi Nu!
You'd better prepare your casket today.
- No! - Don't go!
- You can't go! - Don't go!
Bye.
Once I find my true wings,
I'll return to you.
- No! You can't! - Don't go!
Hey, you!
Who's that?
Hey.
I said I'd chase you to the ends of the earth...
if you ruin my show.
I won't do the radio show.
It's humiliating rotting away doing radio.
What? Humiliating?
Don't be like that, sweetie.
I'm not a "sweetie," I'm a writer.
Why don't you show me respect either?
And I told you over and over last night.
A radio show is a promise.
For 2 hours a day, 365 days a year,
you must keep that promise to the listeners!
Come and keep your promise.
- Let go. - Let go!
Who listens to that stupid radio show?
It was to make a comeback after I got in trouble.
Who'd do a stupid radio show that makes no money?
Hey!
It may be a stupid radio show to you, but to me,
it's my entire life!
Who are you to insult it and call it "stupid"?
For the two years I worked with you,
I couldn't write a single show,
because I was always looking for you...
and appeasing you!
Do you know how many soju bombs I made for you?
What do you want from me?
Go and do your show. You can't go!
- What are you doing? - Get off of him!
- What's your problem? - Let go!
- Let go! - Get off of him!
- What's her problem? - How dare you?
Darn it.
Sorry I couldn't keep my promise.
Seriously. This punk.
Sweetie. I mean, Ms. Song Geu Rim.
Shoot.
How could you really go?
Shoot!
What a great closing.
Look what happened to us, thanks to you.
[VIU Ver] KBS2 E01 Radio Romance "Rain Cloud"
-♥ Ruo Xi ♥-
I, Shin Soo Ah, will be filling in for a week...
for Mi Nu's Happy 6pm, due to some circumstances.
I hope you will bear with me.
There are so many people sending comments already.
Hello. It's nice to meet you too.
I hope you will continue to listen until the end.
We have many prizes today,
so stay with me until the end, please.
Let's start with the first song.
(Mi Nu's Happy 6pm)
"It's time for the blue sky to turn red."
"Listeners of Mi Nu's Happy 6pm,"
"how long did you look up at the sky today?"
Was this that lame?
Yes, it's lame.
It's crazy lame.
What's his problem?
Oh, I forgot to say hi again.
(Mom)
Hi, Mom.
I made 52 dollars today.
I answered more than 50 calls.
Daughter.
Mom worked really hard today.
An assistant writer makes 1,200 dollars a month.
If you divide it by 30,
I made 40 dollars today too.
But...
I was fired, so...
Is this your first time making a soju bomb?
Who pours soju in like that?
Don't you know you should pour it all at once?
You were fired?
Mom.
What do I do now?
What else? You can play.
How great is that?
I want to get fired too.
Whatever.
You did a great job getting fired.
Trust your mom from now on,
and play. A lot.
Should I?
Should I sleep in and stuff too?
Sleep until your back aches.
That sounds good.
It's been so long since we listened...
to the radio together, hasn't it?
It has. We used to listen together a few years ago.
We weren't able to, once you became a radio writer.
Right?
You're right.
Mom, do you remember?
After your eye surgery, we listened to the radio...
on the bus ride home.
Of course, I do.
The sunset was incredible that night.
Even if you close your eyes,
I'll draw everything...
so that you can see everything.
Mom.
The sky is following us through the window.
But...
the blue sky is changing...
into a red sky.
Back then,
I could see everything you drew for me.
Geu Rim. Draw lots of pretty things...
as you live, okay? Just like your name.
Of course.
You know,
your dad and I ran to the office,
and stayed until they closed...
to come up with your name.
We kept looking at the clock,
erasing it again and again.
Do you understand, Song Geu Rim?
Of course, I know.
Mom.
When I become a program's head writer,
I'm going to write this for the opening.
It's time for the blue sky to turn red.
Everyone,
this beautiful sky...
is next to us.
That sounds cool.
Right?
Hello?
Speaking.
What?
How have you been?
But hey, newbie.
aren't you going to say hi?
Did you have a good time in India?
I'm no longer a newbie. I'm an assistant writer.
I thought you were fired.
Then you're not an assistant anymore.
I heard you were starting a new program.
Yes. I heard too,
that you still stink at writing.
Why did you call me here?
Shoot.
Weight limit exceeded.
Hey, newbie.
I heard you gained a new talent while I was gone.
I hear you're gifted at luring in guests.
Yes.
I'm a bit legendary in that field.
Did you hear what happened with Suzy?
Do you know how I got her to come?
Is that what I taught you?
Sorry?
A writer should compete with her writing,
not gain listeners...
by bringing famous guests.
But the writer isn't ashamed,
but rather, is proud of it.
This radio station is going downhill.
What's the use in training juniors?
What's the point in training them so hard?
Excuse me.
You trained me for two months...
and left after causing trouble.
How much did you teach me...
- What was that? - No, no.
Those two months were the most meaningful...
in my entire life.
- Newbie. - I made assistant writer.
- Want to work with me? - Pardon?
You'll be the main writer if you get him to DJ it.
"Him"? Who?
Ji Soo Ho?
- Are you serious? - Yes.
Don't doubt your ears.
You heard correctly.
What...
Really? Ji Soo Ho?
The recent focus for a celebrity's image...
has been being approachable to people,
- so... - Hold on.
What benefit will result by being approachable?
You must be unattainable to make people pay.
What's the use in a star being approachable?
A star must be special and mysterious.
Change your angle.
I must be intellectual and nice.
I must be charismatic like a star,
but be modest as well.
I must be a like a boyfriend, a brother,
and sometimes a CEO.
Bottom line, I must act like a star...
if I want someone to pay.
Please submit all of your proposals today.
I'll look them over.
That's absurd.
We'd be lucky to get him as a guest.
Why would Ji Soo Ho be a DJ?
How could he do a daily program?
- Why not? - What?
Why can't Ji Soo Ho do a daily program?
How does anyone know whether or not...
Ji Soo Ho would do a radio show?
Keep this in mind.
If you get Ji Soo Ho and become my writer,
you'll have to write like crazy.
Ji Soo Ho.
("I like to read and watch movies.")
So he likes spending time alone.
What a boring life.
He eats only low sugar, low carb, low fat foods.
No, no.
(Have some yukgaejang)
Yukgaejang?
This must be his manager.
Even his manager...
looks cold and unapproachable.
Cut! Okay.
Look at this.
I want a flower and butterfly...
He doesn't look well.
That's what I want.
He keeps massaging his temple.
I mean...
Mr. Assistant Director.
Hello.
I'm Song Geu Rim, your college classmate's...
ex-girlfriend's cousin's coworker.
I see.
We'll take a lunch break! The food truck is here!
Sir. Actually...
("Rainy Day")
You should go eat.
Why do you always starve too?
I know you don't eat with the staff.
I can't eat by myself.
We have another crazed fan.
Stay inside.
Give that back! No.
Not the camera!
If you want it back in one piece,
follow me quietly.
Excuse me. Are you inside?
Mr. Ji Soo Ho, are you inside?
I assume you are.
Please excuse me.
Hello, I'm Song Geu Rim.
Do you remember me?
In the hotel elevator...
I'm not sure. Who might you be?
You don't remember me.
I'm Song Geu Rim. I'm a radio writer.
You haven't eaten, right?
I heard you like yukgaejang...
Tea for our star's honey-sweet voice.
Try some. Vitamins are a must.
Mr. Ji Soo Ho. So the thing is...
As a long-time fan who loves you,
I'd like to say a few things.
I know you're super busy with your new drama,
movie, and commercials,
but the busier and more tired you are,
you should communicate...
with your fans, in my opinion.
So?
This punk.
Why does he keep smiling? He's scaring me.
So...
I'd like to offer you...
an incredible opportunity...
to escape the cameras...
and talk honestly in front of a mic.
I won't do it.
Get home safely.
You said you'd do it last time!
In the hotel elevator.
You said to invite you to my show.
I don't remember. Did I?
Do you really not remember me?
You should go. My manager will be back.
You have 30 seconds.
Please, hear me out one more time.
- I won't be your guest. - Mr. Top Star.
Do you think I came to ask you to just be a guest?
It would be a waste to have you as a guest.
We want you to be the DJ for our new program...
Wait! I'm not a crazed fan!
Mr. Ji Soo Ho!
What are you doing?
Why didn't you come to me in my dream last night?
If you can't come into my world...
If you can't...
Cut.
Sorry.
Let's try that again.
What's wrong, Soo Ho? You never make mistakes.
What are you doing?
You...
can never come into the world I live n.
Sorry! I can't do it! It's too scary!
Cut!
- It's too scary. - What's with everyone?
Both of you, seriously.
I'm too scared.
Please.
I'm too scared, and cold, and I'm shaking.
Look at me. Look at my hands and legs shaking.
Guys! Bring me a blanket!
If we try to cut this out,
the writer will run right over.
How can we find a female double now?
This isn't going to work.
Pardon me.
We need to leave in an hour.
I told you before that Ji Soo Ho...
has a commercial shoot scheduled.
I'm losing my mind here.
We need only one more scene.
Please.
It's nice to see you again.
I hope we work well together.
("Rainy Day")
You should've checked which scenes...
needed a double.
Haven't you worked with that picky Da Seul before?
Ji Soo Ho has to leave in an hour...
for a commercial shoot.
What do we do?
Excuse me, sir.
Who are you?
Hello. I'm Song Geu Rim. I'm a radio writer.
I'm his friend's cousin's ex's coworker.
Anyway, I'm a very good swimmer.
I'm about the same height as Da Seul.
Our weight is a bit different,
but Hanboks cover all of that.
Plus, I have a round head, so it looks good...
with a long braid.
I'll fill in for Da Seul.
There's no need to thank me.
We should help each other out.
If sacrificing my body...
will prevent you from being late,
I will become your tool.
Hello, sir. Yes.
If the drama world needs help,
the radio world should help.
If the radio world needs help,
the drama world should help.
Ms. Song.
Yes?
Why are you up in my face?
Pardon?
Why do you keep showing up in front of me?
We'll start shooting scene 57 again!
Ready. Action!
Cut! Geu Rim, let's do that again.
Action.
Let's do that again. Action.
She's a radio writer?
She's doing that to cast you right now?
Is there some sort of a connection?
Do you know her?
What do you mean?
You haven't read a single page of your script...
and was watching her for 30 minutes.
You'll check how many pages I have,
and how many I read today,
and report back to my mother?
Geu Rim, are you ready?
Yes.
Ready?
Action!
Cut!
Is the video coming out nicely?
- Are you going now? - Yes, I plan to.
But she's pretty incredible.
I know. She jumped in more than 20 times.
She's so good.
Geu Rim, why did you flinch earlier?
Let's try it one last time.
Yes, sir.
We'll try that again. Last time.
Okay. Last time.
Ready?
Action.
Cut! Great job!
(Song Geu Rim)
(Radio Romance)
You say things to anger me and start fights.
Who are you?
We have a secret relationship.
- So? You won't do it? - No!
Stop showing up in my face.
I'm looking for cure other than meds.
I can't back down like this.
When is Ji Soo Ho coming?
Do you want to leave with me?
- Oh, my gosh! - Want to take a shower?
What?